We're almost done with this section
and you have made amazing progress in this one.
Congratulations.
Now just to finish, let me show you an amazing NPM package
that automatically reloads on a complete project
as soon as we change any file in the project folder.
It's really amazing and really easy to set up, you'll see.
In the NPM package that I made,
is simply called live server.
So all we have to do is to type "NPM install live server."
Now in the last lecture or the lecture before that,
when we fist installed our first packages,
we always installed them either by specifying the save def
or the save options, right?
Remember that?
We use save def on node-sass to specify it as a
development dependency and we simply used save
on day query to specify it as a normal dependency.
What that did, was to basically install these packages
locally and denote modules folder, right?
Sorry.
Remember this folder here, right?
We installed them locally in this project.
Now what we want to do with this package
is a little bit different though.
We want to install this one globally, because we want
to be able to use it, not only in this particular project,
but also on all future projects
and anywhere on our computer.
At NPM, that is called a global installation, okay?
We want to install life server globally,
not in this particular project, but basically,
we want to install it on our computer.
Instead of using save or save def, we use "g"
which means global.
All we have to do is to install it
just like any other package.
Alright, and now, NPM actually ran into some error,
but I'm sure it's because of some permission stuff.
This usually doesn't occur on Windows but here on a Mac,
it actually happens all the time.
But the easy fix for that is to simply write "sudo"
in front of our command and then it will simply ask me
for the password and then everything should work just fine.
Let's try it again now with sudo.
Now, if this didn't happen on your machine,
then everything's fine, you don't have to do this.
It's only if you also run into the same kind of error.
NPM install life server g, so as a global package.
Now it asks for my password and so here we go.
Let's see if it works this time.
And yeah, so now it works.
Now you will see that it's not
in the dependencies here, alright?
You will also see that it's probably not
in the note modules file.
G...I...L... and it's called "life."
and it's not here, okay.
That's exactly what we expected, right?
Because we installed this one as a global package.
Since it's a global package, we can actually call it
directly from the command line.
Let me just clear this up.
And I also have to go back to my project folder.
You see, right now I'm in the sass folder,
and I need to go back to the main folder.
Now I'm here, right?
Alright, and now, all I have to do is when I'm
in my home folder, is to write "live server."
Again, I can call this on the command line,
because it's a global package.
Let's see what happens now.
And here we go, like magic,
it opened the Google Chrome browser
because it's my default browser and it opened the project.
That's amazing, right?
You actually see that it's now in its local host,
so this 172001 is actually a local host,
and then this one here is the port, so it's on port 8080.
You could actually change this one here
in the definitions supply server, but for now,
we don't want to do any of that.
All we want is for this to work and we're not worried
about this port number here at all.
It's doesn't matter.
And so now, this is actually a real http server.
I was saying, right in the beginning,
as we first opened this page here,
that we were later going to do it on a real htp server,
and that's what we're doing here.
Now it's not longer defiled protocol, as we have here,
but it's not a htp protocol.
Okay, now let's actually change something.
Just like before, with the sass code here,
you have to keep this one running here as well.
Now it says "ready for changes."
You have to keep this one running.
Again, if you now want to type some more code,
you have to open even another tab by hitting command-T.
And in Windows, you have to open another window.
Now we have actually two things here running
in the background so it keeps compiling our sass file,
and it keeps waiting for changes, and then reloading
that page as soon as it detects a change.
Let's not change something here, and this one here,
for example, let's change the color white simply to red.
We save it and now we see that for over here,
it did this.
The rendering complete and then here, change detected.
Let's see what happening.
Whoa, and here it is!
So what was white before is now red,
and we didn't have to click the reload button.
All we had to do was to change the code and come here
and everything updated for us very nicely.
You also saw the power of this change in the code
in one simple place, and a lot of stuff happens
in the background.
So I change it back to white and when I go here, it's white.
No need to reload.
And that's actually all I had to show you for this lecture.
We now have our development environment nicely set up.
We can maybe later add some stuff to it,
like the compression or the prefixing stuff
that I was telling you about in the previous lecture,
I think, but for now, everything is working just fine
and we're ready to move on to the next section
and really start working on a project
and to build all these exciting section that I have for you
here in this webpage.
The next section, that's what we're going to do.
We're going to build all of this.
I hope you're excited for that and I can't wait
to see you in the next video.